DOC: adding artefact retention policy to SPEC4 (#262)
scientific-python/specs: spec-0004/index.md

Complete examples of how projects implement this in their CI setup are linked in the Notes section.

> #### Artefact cleanup-policy at https://anaconda.org/scientific-python-nightly-wheels
> 
> To avoid hosting outdated development versions, as well as to clean up space, we do have a
> default retention policy of:
> 
> - Latest **5 versions**
> - Artefacts newer than **30 days**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Artifact cleanup-policy at https://anaconda.org/scientific-python-nightly-wheels

To avoid hosting outdated development versions, as well as to clean up space, we do have a
default retention policy of:

- Latest **5 versions**
- Artifacts newer than **30 days**
```

I think we should stick with the American spelling, but don' t feel strongly about this if you prefer keeping the British spelling.

Author: I like the British spelling, but it's not my hill 😉

Reviewer 2: Ah, but you didn't change the PR title, and this repo uses squash merge which defaults to that, so you did manage to sneak one in somewhere. 😉

Author: Oh, that wasn't intentional, but from now on I know the trick of how to put back all the 'u'-s and 's'-es where they belong 😉
